Hello friends!
So glad you can join me this Sunday morning.
you know i was thinking about talents.
Now when you hear the word talent
You probably think of
Something like the voice or America's Got Talent.
Now,
talents
aren't just musical or being able to throw flaming batons.
Though it can include those type of talents.
A talent is just something that you're really good at.
Now, a lot of people are good.
At musical things, whether it's singing or playing an instrument.
in fact, i'm a friend who would like to share his musical talent with you.
Take it away, Pastor Jerome.
Well, thank you, Miss Ramey.
I'm Pastor Jerome Hancock and I want to say hi to everyone. It's good to be with you today. Hey, you see this thing in my hand right here?
i found this out in my yard. it's amazing. we have this big storm where i live and it just tore up everything and i went out in the yard.
Hard after the storm and my chain ring fence. You know those metal fences that people have around their houses? I have one of those. It was all torn up and the metal was all mangled. And there, oh.
On top of it all was this thing and I couldn't believe it I've never seen anything like it in my whole life and I thought man this is amazing
Amazing that this thing could accidentally come out of a storm. Isn't that amazing? Can you believe it? I've never seen anything like it. It's probably the only one.
1 in the world.
Oh.
I mean,
What's that?
Thank you.
You don't believe me?
Why wouldn't you...
But when you believe me, I'm telling you what happened.
What's that?
You say it's a what?
A trumpet?
It's a bat! Oh no! Is it dead? Oh! Let me get it rolled! The trumpet is dead!
Oh it's not a pen
It's not dead oh that's good well what is it
A musical instrument
Well,
You mean the storm didn't make this thing by accident?
You mean some person, some body has a lot of skill made this thing?
And it just kind of ended up in my yard.
It's not just an accident.
It was created.
Huh.
How do you guys know all this stuff? you guys are pretty smart.
Wow.
You know, I guess all of you know that this was made.
Because it's too.
It's just too amazing to be an accident.
Well, you know, that really makes sense, doesn't it? We all kind of get that.
Well, you know, there's a place in the Bible called Ephesians,
And in Ephesians, the second chapter and the tenth sentence, or the tenth verse,
it says you.
You are God's handiwork.
He created you in Christ Jesus,
To do good stuff, good works.
Those are works that God prepared for you in advance.
To do.
You see, this trumpet was created by somebody.
To help a person
Make music.
This helps you make music.
Kind of like this
You know that song? Jesus Loves Me?
I've loved that song ever since I was a little kid. And,
I like playing it on the trumpet.
It may not be the best in the world, but I like doing it.
And you know,
God has made you.
you are created. i love that verse. you are god's handiwork. god has created you to do something special. and he's the one that wants to flow through you like i.
You're like, I blow through this trumpet and make music. He wants to flow through you and make beautiful music in the world around you, telling people of God's great love.
Love that flows through you, lives in your heart, and flows out of you and helps other people. Find Jesus and go to heaven. Thank you.
that's what it's all about. you're not an accident. you'd have great talents that god wants to use cause he created you to do good works.
And so I hope you'll be a person that loves Jesus and you'll be a mighty man, a mighty woman of God. You'll just grow up and serve him and do whatever he leads you to do because it's the best.
It's the best.
It really is.
Well, I'm just glad to talk with you about all this stuff today, and I want you to know I love you.
God loves you. That's the good news.
and it's just good to be a part of his big team. so.
Thanks.
Good to talk with you today. God bless you.
My God is so big and so strong and so mighty, there's nothing
Thank you for watching!
Not do it.
But you'll be mine
Thank you so much for sharing with us, Pastor Jerome.
and go fish the group that
Saints are praising worship song this month
They are very talented.
But,
Our talents aren't just
You know those things that
we can go on a television show and perform in front of a lot of people.
Talents are special.
Abilities or things that we're really good at.
That God has given us so that we can help others.
and show the love of Jesus.
Take a moment now and turn to somebody who's in the room with you.
And tell them what you think you're really good at.
wow, i bet you came up with a lot of different things.
God has given us all talents.
Things that we're good at.
In fact, let me share another one.
This is somebody who is very close to me and she has a very special ability.
Wow.
Michaela definitely has
an ability at softball. It's something she's really good at.
Now you're probably asking yourself, "Well, I'm not
musically talented or maybe i'm not talented at some sport.
Maybe you're good at math.
Maybe you're good at making other people feel good.
Better when they're feeling a little down or
You know, unhappy about something?
I have a talent.
My talent is
that I can read
Upside down
Well, not exactly that type of upside down.
I can hold a book.
and I can read it.
Looking at the words upside down.
When he opens the door and feels how chilly it is outside,
Help ask to borrow a sweater.
Now,
A lot of us have more than one talent, more than one thing we're good at.
But whatever it is,
God gave it to you.
And God wants you to use it to help others
And to show the love of Jesus.
Now you're probably thinking, you know, Michaela's good at softball.
How did she use that?
Well, she can help others that aren't as good at softball.
And she can show the love of Jesus by always being in good sport.
Whether her team wins or not.
Whether she gets to.
Hit the ball
Are not.
What if it's math?
Well, you can use your count in math to help someone who's not as good at math
And you can show the love of Jesus by maybe helping someone who's new to your school.
Or someone that you normally wouldn't hang around with.
What about my talents? I'm reading upside down.
Well, it allows me to share books with others.
Kids
Hopefully to get them excited about reading.
To get them to think about something new
Or maybe to discuss something they hadn't thought of before?
The thing to remember is that every talent we have
God wants us to use.
Now,
Here's a question for you.
That you can talk about with your family.
How can you use your use your talent
Or the thing that you're really good at
To help others,
and show the love of Jesus.
It'd be great if you would discuss that with your family and
Maybe
Put some of your responses
Up on our sfcc family connect.
Facebook page
I'd love to hear.
How you're going to use what you're good at
To help others.
And the show the love of Jesus
Thanks for coming by so we could talk about talents today.
You know, God cares about everything.
That we do.
And he wants
To help us
with what we have what he's given us.
To show his love to others.
I hope you'll join me again next Sunday at 10:20.
And also on fridays oh excuse me on thursdays
Add 11 o'clock
At sfcc family connect live.
On facebook.
I'm sure glad you guys stopped by.
I hope to see you again next week.
Bye!